yo with good people issue boy hard eight
the truth of YouTube your favorite
knocking hello man I'm trying to finish
my intro just oh man listen yall already
know the deal if you missed my last
video go check it out okay it's the
Graham Twitter Facebook gamertags all of
those good things down below go check
those out okay this your boy hearty oh
man is shit too funny man this shit is
too funny to me uh quantum break has
been delayed until 2006 now y'all might
think why am i laughing I'm laughing
because I could just see the saltiness
on the fanboys faces of the xbox one in
micro but no here's why I'm laughing
because a couple of weeks ago I made a
video and it was reported that quantum
break was going to be the lead now in
the video I told people it's you know
it's taken with a grain of salt it's a
rumor you know that mean but I said in
the video it makes a lot of sense
because we haven't been seen anything
from clients and brief one of the last
time have we seen some new updated
gameplay I heard any new information
about quantum break it's been a while so
in the video I said that and I said that
you know this game being delayed isn't
far-fetched you know I mean it isn't
far-fetched now you had some wanted to
call me a liar said I was spreading lies
even though I said it was a rumor even
though I say take it with a pinch of
salt some people were upset that I was
reporting something from an unknown
source you know somebody that fell
Spencer
didn't even know existed because I think
somebody asked Phil Spencer who was this
guy and did he have any type of uh
connections with Microsoft and you know
Phil Spencer of course played the game
oh I never heard of this guy he doesn't
work for Microsoft well doesn't matter
who he works for because he had some
inside information and now it turned out
that quantum break being delayed is
official now next time when the truth of
YouTube you know deliver something you
won't be so quick to jump the gun off or
something that made sense in the first
place but uh you know delays happen
people i don't know why some of y'all
didn't think delays happen now there's
funny because when uncharted 4 because
Microsoft excuse me sony or the first
two you know delay a major release this
year when uncharted 4 got delayed
nintendo dudes and xbox news we're
making all types of jokes this stat in
the third oh another delay do show me
have anything coming up at the end of
the sheer and blah blah blah and then
right after that what happened zelda got
the lead and then now quantum break this
is why you don't start celebrating and
jumping for joy because of a game being
delayed on the console that you don't
really like until you see what's
happening on your own piece of plastic
now i know a lot of y'all feel like a
bunch of fucking idiots now but on
another note delays happen people some
people felt like when Sony did it that
oh my god this is shocking like what is
going on delay who delays games delays
happen and more delays are going to
happen you know I mean whether it be for
this year next year or the year after
your legs are in our future more delays
delays delays delays you know I mean I
will I wish companies stopped releasing
dates when they know they can't stick to
your night I mean stop saying the game
is coming out here or they
and when you know you cannot stick to
that date just wait until the game is
done or damn near done before you say
you know what the game is being released
on such-and-such day yeah I mean now a
Microsoft still has a strong lineup for
the fall you've got a halo 5 which hours
of right now that's coming out October
27 now remember that shit could be
delayed just because you got a date
don't mean it can't leave the lead but
you got a halo 5 you have a rise of the
Tomb Raider um fable legends forza
motorsports for the motor 6 excuse me
forza motorsport 6 is also slated to be
released this fall so you know they
still got a strong lineup as long as
they're not hit with any more delays you
know I mean so we will have to see
what's going on but everybody suffers
from Delise every company nintendo
microsoft sony it doesn't matter delays
are going to happen people it's just
funny as the Uncharted got delayed it
was a lot of chatter going on y'all seen
it there was a lot of chatter going on
the Nintendo follow it with a big blow
and now Microsoft is following with a
big blow you know even though they got
games like Halo and rot until reader and
fable and forza motorsport come on y'all
wanted to play that brand new IP you
know I'm saying not something that you
play before or sequel I know y'all don't
want to get a brand new IP in the mix
but y'all still got a strong lineup it's
all good and I mean the ladies happen
this shit sucks you know I mean any day
any time a game is delayed that people
are looking forward to it fucking sucks
goddamn what concert was on it sucks so
2016 the back thing about this delay is
they didn't give no type of time frame
of 2016 it's just it's been delayed of
2016 so not go to fall of 2016 a winter
to spring summer it's just 2016 so I
guess whenever it's
ish and ready to be put out in 2016 it
will be released UNITA mean but delays
our good thing at the end of the day
right so whatever man I mean it's a good
thing for it's a good thing for us in
the long run because we get a better you
know stable game but it still sucks yeah
anyway a lot of other games to look
forward to reshare a lot of multi plants
coming out you know exclusives they
don't come out as much anyway so it's
not like people think oh I'm charters
been delays Elvis been delayed uh you
know kind of brings min the lead they
don't have nobody has no games coming
out this year no there's still plenty of
games coming out this year dub that'll
hold you over until you get these
exclusive plenty of multiplan so anyway
let me know what y'all think down in the
video excuse me no fuck let me know what
y'all think down below you liked the
video hit the thumbs up if you didn't
hit the thumbs down this your boy are
they and I'm now deuces
no suit on the range rover man here on
the fuck Jack like